RHDEVDOCS 6406 Tekton Results GA notice in Pipelines 1.18 RN (#91189)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-18.adoc

[id="tekton-results-new-features-1-18_{context}"]
=== {tekton-results}

> * With this release, {tekton-results} is a General Availability (GA) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With this release, the {tekton-results} feature is Generally Available (GA).
```

This is an optional suggestion
